PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA
My name is Subhash, I am 39 years old and I am a working professional from Pune, India.

First of all, thank you to the Universe for letting me be introduced The Secret a few years ago!

I have manifested many miracles over two years. This is one of my stories out of those manifestations.

So, I was planning to book a maiden flight ticket for my mother with my infant son, from my home town to my current residential city. Usually, my mother travels by train since it is more economical. This time my mother was bringing my infant son with her so I thought to book a flight ticket to avoid that hectic 16 hour train journey. I had heard that infants below two years old were not charged for a flight ticket. Keeping this fact in mind, I started to book the flight ticket but to my dismay, I noticed an infant fee added to the fare. That was making the ticket a bit expensive for me. I still went ahead to fill in the details to know the final amount and to my utter shock, apart from all these charges, there was a convenience fee added to the final amount. That made the ticket very expensive for me. I just left the thought of booking the ticket and canceled the transaction midway. I was a bit disappointed since I had been very happy that this was going to be my mother’s maiden flight as well as my sons’. However, I decided to try to attract an affordable fare.

Before sleeping that night, I started feeling gratitude that I could book an affordable ticket and that my mother was traveling with my infant son on the flight. I slept with this thought.

Two days later I just happened to check the fares and I was in awe that the fare had dropped. Despite being charged for the infant fare, the fare was affordable for me! So I filled in the necessary details to reach the payment page and guess what? To my utter surprise, the convenience fee had just vanished, which is quite unusual! That made the final amount well within my reach! I booked the ticket and my mother is traveling next week with my infant son. I am just looking forward to receiving them at the airport. I am just ecstatic!

This is one of the stories from my many manifestations over the two years since I have started making The Secret my daily practice.

Dear Universe, thank you, thank you, thank you! Thank you for introducing me to The Secret.

If it can work for me it can work for you too! Follow your wishes and manifest them and be happy! We are here on this planet to live a happy and blissful life.

Thanks again,
SB
